Most product data is imported from data provided by various suppliers.  Each supplier requires its own import driver because each supplier provides data in a different format.  Supplier import drivers takes data in the supplier format and converts it to an internal format that is then used to update the product database.

An import driver is a class that inherits the GenericImport class.  This new class will have a few methods that are called by the code in GenericImport

The import process goes progresses as follows:

1. Fetch the appropriate files if necissary.  Either a @src_urls is specified in initialize or the fetch_parse? method is overriden for a custom method to fetch the necissary files.  In some cases like drivers requiring downloading many files from a web server, this might not be used.
2. The availible data is processed in parse_products to produce a list of ProductDesc objects representing each product from that supplier.  The results of this step can be cached but the "parse" command line option will force this stage to run even if there is a cache file.
3. Each ProductDesc object is processed in categories.rb.  This consists of a set of rules to set the categories property of the ProductDesc object.  Typical rule would be if the product name contains the word 'tote' place in the 'Tote Bags' category.  
4. The list of ProductDesc objects is compared against a cached list that has been applied to the database if availible.  What products changed is determined and if there are many changes the code aborts because this could be an indicator that something is wrong and the import shouldn't proceed.  This abort can be avoided with the "override" comman line option.  If there is no database cache this will assume every product has changed requiring an override to proceed.
5. The list of ProductDesc objects are individually applied to the database.  This produces text output describing what has changed.

To run a import driver cd to the appropriate directory then
ruby main.rb

The following are current options
 parse - force parse_products to run
 override - proceed to applying data to db even if there are excessive changes
 nopost - don't search for duplicate images which requires downloading all images
 nowarn - suppress warning messages


To create a new supplier import drive copy the example from the template directory.
You will need to create a supplier record in the database.  
 * Use web interface, login at admin/
 * Click Admin in top left
 * Click Suppliers tab
 * Click new supplier
 * Supplier name here must match the name in initialize after super
